Taylor hadn’t complained when Amy had wanted to head off to prepare for her late night excursion as Rainbow, instead heading off to prepare for the late night interruption of the excursion. That Amy didn’t know about, because it would make for a better surprise that way. A quick nap would be needed, but that was easy enough, and other preparation was able to be handled remotely anyway. Such as ensuring that the ‘surprises’ the parahuman had kicking around wouldn’t cause any problems.

Doubly so since it seemed unlikely that anyone had paid attention to the tinker in Europe handing out guns intended to be used against mages. Which would only cause problems for the mages if defenses were laid out perfectly wrong, admittedly, but the interactions with mana being put off by mages might create problems for the immediate area when the matter/antimatter reactions started up. Much better to just quietly ensure that the guns didn’t work.

Preparing some drones to record everything was also in the cards...as well as at least one additional ‘do not be idiots’ appearance in China, because in the past few hours someone had gotten the bright idea to slap together a bomb and blow a hole in a large dam. That she’d already rebuilt once and wasn’t in the mood to rebuild again anytime soon.


Dennis dropped onto the couch at home in a bit of a daze. He’d not quite expected ‘build apartment buildings in the air, then drop them into prepared holes’ to be a thing, but it was. And it was impressive to watch. Scary as well, because it provided evidence that they could do things that were worrying, on a scale that was hard to deny.

His phone making a notification sound drew him out of his thoughts, and he checked to find that he had a message. One dropped directly into his voicemail, on his Wards phone, so likely an automated message. It didn’t take long to call in, punch in his voicemail pin, and then listen to the message...which was an automated spiel about patrol routes needing to be adjusted due to ‘recent construction’.

As if you could boil down the impossibly-constructed apartment blocks as ‘recent construction’.

But whatever, he’d known that they’d be getting time off from Wards duties due to this and had planned accordingly. They’d be working with Flechette officially in the coming week, after-school stuff focusing on some initial team-building exercises instead of patrols, and by the time they were done with that they might have approved patrol routes again. Or maybe they’d stick to ‘PR events’ only for a while, given how little crime actually existed in the city these days.

Oh well. He was very likely missing out on some prime PHO action, so perhaps he should go check on what they were saying about today’s events?


Dwight looked over the footage the automated systems had assembled of the construction in Brockton Bay, all from the points of view of the construction drones themselves. It was honestly quite impressive looking, and it wasn’t like he was in a position to edit it before posting as it was already available and being looked over on PHO. WIth a lot of comments about how insane some of it was, of course, and that was before you got into the video tours of the buildings.

“We should find a way to do something big that can be documented like this,” he finally said.

“...documented like what?” Virgil asked. “And weren’t you going over event requests?”

“Finished my pile, and I’m talking about Dragon’s apartment buildings in Brockton Bay.”

“Oh. How’d you finish your pile?”

“Set criteria for ‘too racist’ to knock out most of them, followed by deciding to send most of the remaining items back to those asking for them stating that they had insufficient details or backing. The kingdom shouldn’t have to supply all the staff for an event of any kind, so if they can’t find volunteers then they’re out of luck.”

“...so you got lazy in an efficient manner.”

“Yep.”

Five minutes later Virgil had cleared his list out, probably by setting similar conditions on things, and was watching some of the apartment building videos. “Okay, this would be cool to do something like. But there aren’t exactly a lot of large-scale building projects we’d be involved with now that the resorts are done.”

That was, unfortunately, a good point...but Dwight had already thought of it while Virgil was loading things up. “I want to document something impressive...but it doesn’t necessarily have to be something we designed.”

“Oh?”

“Why wouldn’t we want to build it?” Tracey asked.

Dwight grinned. “I was thinking that it might be fun to document how a kingdom world is built out. Perhaps with Iris and Siri doing commentary. And we’d probably need to build a lot of little things to demonstrate the concepts being used in the full-scale constructions.”

“That sounds like an entire series,” Virgil said. “Because there’s a lot that goes into things. Basic infrastructure, housing, transportation, food production...”

“Just putting out an episode on the turbines generating electricity would probably jumpstart an entire industry or ten on various Earths, if presented such that you don’t need kingdom technology to adapt the designs.”

“So...a ‘show off what the kingdom can do’ uplift series, made to look accidental in the latter because it presents things in an educational fashion for the kingdom’s residents?”

“Er, yes?”

Tracey giggled. “The automated systems are going to love the idea.”

...well, that at least made it less likely to be turned down when asking for suitable footage.


Joyce looked in the mirror, using his orange visor’s output to see if his bunches of similarly-colored hair were even. Getting even that much right was harder than he’d thought it would be when he’d decided to wear his hair like that, and he’d long given up on braiding it. Having it long enough to have two bunches going up and coming back down to the middle of his head was cute enough, and he thought it worked better with the rest of his outfit anyway.

Happy with his hair, he brought up the checklist of items and started going through them. One utility belt pouch at a time, though some were far deeper than they looked. Being built into the top of the poofy dress that he’d made look like a scoop of ice cream easily hid that some of the pouches were physically much longer, and others were just bigger on the inside when even the poofy dress couldn’t hide how big they’d need to be on the inside.

All the gadgets in the pouches accounted for, he checked the charge level of the other items he was wearing. His gloves could throw shields up, either where he put his hand or floating next to his arm, and he made sure each hand worked for that. Jessy had come up with a clever system for the shoes, five balls hidden in the soles and heels that could be anchored in place. Just one ball would let him pivot around it in any direction, two in a line would let his foot pivot along the line, and three in a triangle just stopped his foot in place. The last was best if done without including the ball hidden in the heel most of the time.

Practicing using the balls to enhance his mobility had been painful, but worth it to be able to twirl and dance in the air. And he could even anchor the single ball hidden in the handle of his ice cream scoop wand when holding it above him to spin around on a point!

For a change from practicing while manifesting through a doppelganger, today he also had Bowie available, just in case. Which might make him better at casting spells, but that hadn’t been practiced and he didn’t really want to cast spells anyway. The few times he’d tried he wasn’t very good at holding onto all of the pieces properly. Better to let the gadgets do most of the magic. And the math.

Once he’d confirmed that everything was in its place, he moved over to the transport device, only for Bowie to throw an alert up...about translation stacks. Right. He needed the right set for visiting France, and for having Belkan accents behind it. Grabbing the right stack, he loaded it into place, and then Bowie was willing to trigger the transport device to drop him into...a restroom? A locked one, despite the lock needing to be manipulated from the inside to manage that.

...he was too curious to not ask how the restroom had been locked from the inside while empty, and the kingdom told him that a goose had done it to give a place for him to appear out of nowhere. Convenient, even though there shouldn’t be any working cameras around here. The parahuman he was here to go after had ensured that already. Also a little creepy, unless Hannah had told the kingdom about this a lot sooner than she’d let him know?

Something else felt like it was ‘missing’ in his knowledge, but he wasn’t sure what.

Shrugging that off, he unlocked the door and followed the directions on his visor to where the parahuman was gathering minions. Skipping up to roof level to get a view from above used his practice in anchoring the balls in his shoes, though he did need to anchor the wand’s ball a couple of times to keep his balance when he made slight mistakes in timing the anchor and release pattern. But that was part of why he had the wand, so it was okay.

Peering over the edge of the roof, he tried to identify priority targets. The gun the man was using to make squirrels obey him, the helmet that let him send the commands to the squirrels, the other gun in the...golf cart? That one supposedly didn’t like magic, but the man had never used it before. It was harder to decide if the already-equipped squirrels or the box of squirrel-sized equipment was more important to target after that. Not hurting the squirrels would be a good idea, but was less important if it came down to the squirrels or a person.

Nodding to himself, he backed away from the edge of the roof, stood up properly, and then jumped over the edge and started skipping down to ground level. He was about to yell, when he realized that he didn’t know the bad man’s name. Which caused him to stumble a bit, but he recovered and decided it wasn’t important. Instead, he targeted the gun the man was holding with his wand, a magic scoop of ice cream appearing in it, and then yelled. “Stop, evil doer!”

He had just enough time to launch the scoop of ice cream before realizing that someone else had appeared in the trees on the other side of the man, yelled something of their own, and fired their own attack. His ice cream struck the gun, starting to wrap around it, only for one of the other person’s bullets to strike the ice cream and destroy it.


Rainbow had taken plenty of time to prepare. Ensure that the nanny drone had proper language modules loaded and the correct currency available, just in case, though the drone had already done that before she’d checked. Make sure that she didn’t have the right language module loaded for where she was going, because she wasn’t supposed to be really good at learning those, so having the nanny drone translate would be more appropriate. Love fully charged and loaded with materials, just in case. Snacks ready in case she got hungry and wanted some while bored and waiting for some police to show up.

With everything ready, she’d used a transport device to appear in a forest, and followed Jewel’s instructions for which way to go to find the meany pajama-human. Though she felt someone else with magic in that general direction, but not one she recognized right now. Which was weird, but she didn’t know everyone with magic, so it probably wasn’t important unless the meany pajama-human had magic somehow.

Luckily, the other person with magic was further away than the pajama-human, so she was able to look over things. The pajama-human was using a gun and helmet to control squirrels, and supposedly had a gun that was dangerous for people around you if you were shot and had magic. Which was probably in the cart thing. Then there were the squirrels with their squirrel-sized things that had Rainbow daydreaming about running around with a squirrel-sized Love. Except that holding Love while a squirrel would be very hard.

Shaking herself out of it, she started to prepare for her attack. Set up a bunch of bullets so that she could draw attention and then immediately fire them, because people weren’t likely to let her fire a bunch of bullets after announcing herself anymore. Carefully doing that so that she wasn’t noticed doing so was made easier by the tree, which was nice. Then she noticed that the other person with magic was also preparing to do something.

This was her meany pajama-human, using squirrels for evil! She had dibs!

Ignoring that the other magic-user was jumping off of the building they’d been watching from, she moved to a more visible branch, then posed. “I’ll defeat you with the power of Love!” She did note that the other magic-user had yelled something as well, and fired their attack. But she’d fired more, so she won!

...except that the bullet hitting the pajama-human’s gun and the thing that the other magic user had fired seemed to cancel each other out somehow. At least the other bullets hitting the area around the pajama-human hadn’t been negated? Though she’d forgotten to target anything other than his gun with something homing...

It took a moment to realize that she’d gotten distracted, as had the other magic-user, and the pajama-human had backed up into their cart thing before realizing that Rainbow was there. He’d then grabbed a bigger gun and swung it to point at her, and she’d panicked and tried to drop out of the tree to get out of the way.

Except that when he pulled the trigger, the gun didn’t fire. Instead it went “Meow.”

Rainbow and the pajama-human were both blinking at that, and the other magic-user looked confused as well. The pajama-human recovered first, opening up a panel on the gun, only to have a tiny little paw swipe at his face. He screamed, dropping the gun, and a tiny little cat hopped out. Only to immediately change back into Auntie Minerva.

“Auntie Minerva?” Rainbow questioned.

“Queen Minerva?” the other magic-user questioned at the same time...in Belkan.

Auntie Minerva ignored both of them and grabbed the meany pajama-human, putting cuffs on him and taking the helmet off. She then put a power-removing helmet on him instead as drones appeared from around her and corralled the small squirrels.

“You two can come over here now,” she finally called out, even as Rainbow finally noticed that there were other drones watching.


Taylor had stood there lecturing Rainbow and Joyce on their lack of planning and cooperation, though did note that Joyce’s nametag read ‘Kugel’. She’d pointed out that they both should’ve been most worried about the dangerous gun, going after the parahuman only after that gun was secured, and that standing there doing nothing was a bad thing when you’d just initiated a fight with someone. Even if someone else was present.

Yes, she’d known in advance that Amy and Hannah had planned to not have Rainbow and Joyce be aware of the other ahead of time. Final plans for the two had been shared an hour before they’d arrived, including both having noted the dangerous gun. But the kingdom’s systems had predicted that ‘keep the parahuman away from the gun’ would trump ‘secure the gun’ in their planning, and that there was a good chance that they’d end up spending too much time reacting to each other to properly manage even that.

Hiding in the gun, after removing the power core, had been a lark that had simply worked insanely well in this case.

The police showing up required switching to French instead of the Belkan being used because Rainbow didn’t have French loaded and even though Joyce should understand English it made more sense to default to Belkan for lecturing. Allowing the officers to collect the parahuman’s no-longer-useful tech was easy enough. Even the gun he’d gotten from the other tinker hoping to take out members of Team Mana, said tinker no longer having their powers as of an hour previous and all of their tech safely disabled as part of processing their shard.

Taylor was specifically thanked, which slightly annoyed the ‘kids’ that had accomplished nothing but still felt they’d contributed, and then a Chauffeuse arrived to take them away. A few minutes later they were at the Outer Inn, where Rainbow turned back into Amy and Joyce turned back into Hannah.

“That went nothing like I expected it to,” Hannah admitted.

“...Rainbow didn’t actually surprise me,” Amy said with a shrug. “I was expecting your side to be more active to keep her reacting...and to need Tila to show up instead of Taylor once again sitting in wait.”

“Ah, yes, she has done that before, hasn’t she. The whole thing is still a little embarrassing, and if she hadn’t stepped in...”

“The kingdom had already scheduled the tinker who made the dangerous guns for depowering and remote disabling of all the guns,” Taylor pointed out. “Even without my input, entirely based on deciding that neither of your kid selves was going to react well to someone else having shown up at the same time. That said, there are a couple of recommendations to talk about before we assemble footage.”

“...recommendations?”

“For Joyce, specifically. I can show up for Rainbow as her ‘Auntie’, and Amy has already set up Tila’s existence, but Joyce needs an adult-ish figure to show up to grab him when he ‘runs off’. The kingdom has machine intelligences willing to play that role if you don’t want to do so with a custom doppelganger. But you also need to consider making a nanny drone for him for his next outing, similar to how Rainbow runs around with her plush acorn.”

The woman blinked, but nodded. “I can see how all of that would be a good idea. Anything else?”

Taylor shrugged. “A video introducing him is the only other thing on the list, since you didn’t really get to show anything off, but that’s up to you as to whether you want to show off in that manner or reveal things in future outings. Clarifying that he is, in fact, a he might be beneficial though.”

“Er...yes, I can see how that might be the case, given the assumptions people are likely to make. Might want to include Jessy so that she can gush about some of his gadgets too...”

“And of course, it dawns on me that a decision should probably be made about how Joyce and Rainbow will continue to interact. Will this event turn them into rivals? Friends? Cause them to try to avoid each other?”

It was obvious that neither of them had considered anything past the initial encounter on that front, but setting up for a quick ‘introduction’ video hadn’t taken long. Joyce showed off, Jessy explained a little bit about how his shoes, wand, and gloves worked. His visor was described as ‘kingdom-standard tech’, but ‘other gadgets’ Jessy had designed were merely mentioned. No attempt was made to hide that they were named Joyce and Jessy either.

Five takes were needed before the pair were happy with the clip, and by then a reasonable showing of what had happened in France had been assembled. It was easy enough to run things as a split screen to show Joyce and Rainbow arriving, making their way to the parahuman, and then combining into one larger scene when they both engaged. Of course, some additional explanations were needed, so a demonstration of the fully-functional weapon intended for use on Team Mana members was whipped up too, plus one to show that the power cores were no longer stable. Even if they’d been made safe enough to not explode, showing one doing so while another melted into a puddle and a third generated a small electrical cloud of sorts should drive the point home.

Then all that was needed was a quick PHO post. There didn’t seem to be a French-language equivalent of PHO to throw it on as well though, which at least meant not needing to register an account somewhere else.

??

? Topic: Pajama-humans in France
In: Boards ? Please Ignore the Secret Kingdom ? Team Mana
Mana Minerva (Original Poster) (Verified Bullshit) (Verified Endslayer) (Verified Queen)
Posted On Nov 12th 2011:
Hello again, people of Parahumans Online!

First up: Rainbow insisted on the title.

That aside, rumors about things in France have started to spread, but somehow nobody had cameras. Well, nobody other than me, it seems.

Long story short: Rainbow took offense to finding out that a 'pajama-human' was using squirrels to commit crimes, but 'Kugel' had decided to sneak out and show off his sister's work by taking down a criminal. They just happened to pick the same criminal. I was also aware of Rainbow’s desire to head out, so I stopped by to keep problems from arising.

What kind of problems, you might ask?

Some weapons are more dangerous than others. Now, this wouldn’t have caused Rainbow or Kugel any harm, the amount of antimatter created being relatively minor, but the parahuman and the surroundings wouldn’t have fared well. The tinker that produced that technology is no longer a parahuman, and that rendered all of their created tech non-functional...but not safe.

In particular, don’t trust the power cores.

For those wanting more information on Kugel, we've got a video for that as well.

...as a side note, since I'm not all that active here, would anyone know when I got the "Verified Queen" tag? I can see the announcement date for the creation of the top-level board for the kingdom and shifting all “Team Mana” activity into this sub-board, but don’t think there’s any notice of when the tag was added.

??


Ethan hadn’t expected his Saturday morning to include finding out about Hannah’s first outing as a mini-mage. Somehow he’d missed that being scheduled entirely...probably because nobody saw fit to inform him and cause him to possibly create problems. Or just be overly-teasing ahead of things. The result of the first outing was definitely believable though, and he personally thought that Joyce was cute. Then there was the ‘about’ video where Joyce continued to be cute and Jessy was...over-enthusiastic about how the gadgets worked while Joyce was over-enthusiastic about showing how he could use the ones on display.

PHO’s reactions were amusing as well. Taylor’s initial thread had already exploded in the early morning hours, been split into several new threads by mods to cover different topics, and probably caused some mental meltdowns already. For example, the casual mention that the kids wouldn’t have been harmed by a little antimatter was alarming in the face of the size of the explosions in the demonstration video were at odds with one another. Granted, this was from a kingdom where they let a civilian kid throw some basic protections up and sit in the room with a nuclear bomb going off, so discussion had quickly flipped to ‘just how much can kingdom personal protections keep you safe from?’ instead.

Sending a suggestion to the kingdom’s automated systems to document that, on video, had only taken a moment.

That more kids were sneaking out to visit was another matter entirely, Kugel being an outlier by not using spells of his own at all had its own discussion thread, and for some reason ‘hair and/or fur colors of the kingdom’ had popped up.

Sadly, he had things to do today, and couldn’t spend the whole day on PHO as a result. Which meant getting dressed and ready to head out. But he could likely tease Hannah about things later, which would be fun.


“I don’t know if you three are ready for this,” Nanoha said, looking over the three kids. It was a slow day on Earth Bet...and other Earths weren’t looking for help. So it was a training day, except that Vivio had asked if she, Corona, and Rio could try out something other than the combat gym’s facilities.

Given that the kingdom had multiple training planets available and not being used frequently, it wasn’t that hard to get permission for the kids to experience one. Except that they were very, very early in their training and pushing too hard might discourage them.

“They don’t need to join us,” Fate pointed out. “We can be in a much more difficult area.”

Vivio pouted at that, but didn’t argue that she was ready to fight alongside her mamas. Likely because she knew that she wasn’t ready to do that in any way yet. By comparison, Corona and Rio looked relieved, and Secret Heart looked like she agreed with the decision.

“The kingdom’s systems probably wouldn’t let them join us anyway,” Hayate pointed out. “None of them have the flight experience needed for the hurricane Nanoha found out could be ordered up on demand.”

“It’s good training,” Nanoha pointed out.

“Surprisingly enough, yes. I still think that we should be mixing things up more.”

“...what would you have us doing, then?”

“You and I could probably do with some no-flight ‘army of attackers’ training, alone or together. Fate would handle that just fine by comparison. She and I admittedly need air training more than you do, but I’m the one that needs the most ‘there are friendlies in the area’ control training.”

“Er,” Secret Heart said. “If going that route, having the kids dealing with ‘weaker’ enemies while the stronger ones focus on you would probably be a good incentive to not fire off wide-scale attacks?”

Some quick discussion had Nanoha agreeing with that idea, though only after getting a promise that they would do another hurricane run at some point, and they headed to the training planet. Requesting a suitable ‘scenario’ for the ‘avoid shooting the kids’ plan hadn’t taken long, and they’d been shifted to a different training planet with a suitable area for them. This was an alternate Mars, which had noticeably less gravity to work against in order to make it easier to jump around compared to normal Earth gravity. The area they were in was obviously desolate, but had a series of caves set up around the arena-like depression, and positioned such that the Sun was just rising. They’d already set up their protections, but Rein and Secret Heart entered into unison with Hayate and Vivio as they all spread out to fight independently and provide each other with more points to be concerned about friendly fire with.

Nanoha wasn’t expecting the first round of enemies to look like zombies in military outfits, a small percentage with shotgun-like weapons and a smaller percentage being visibly stronger and carrying larger guns. Not being ‘living people’ in appearance was probably good for the kids though. Needing to move around on foot instead of flying made dealing with them a lot more difficult, but they fell apart and eventually vanished if you dealt enough damage. Fate was the first one targeted by a wave of brown, spiked monsters due to finding the zombies too easy, and those were shortly followed by their larger, faster, uglier, and pinker cousins.

On the ‘weaker enemy’ side of things, the kids seemed to have gotten flying skulls sent at them to add to the unarmed zombies. Corona was obviously having the most trouble across the board, obviously struggling to keep combat-capable golems active, but was only having enough enemies thrown at her to give her a good workout and was also obviously improving as she went along. Rio and Vivio were doing almost equally well with more enemies, but in very different ways. Rio was sticking to normal punching and kicking, a small circle around her kept largely clear. Vivio was the most mobile of the three kids, getting used to using her slime spell to flow around her enemies and strike from odd angles. That also made it difficult for them to attack her in return, and harder to keep tabs on where she was and would be.

Having the kids around, plus being spread out like this, was doing a great job of preventing them from pulling out the large-scale long-range attacks. Nanoha wasn’t used to sticking to close-range on this kind of scale. At first she’d stuck to bullets, but eventually pulled out her lightsaber as a much better close-range option. It was only then that the brown monsters targeted her, and after she made quick work of a couple of them the larger pink ones started coming her way too.

“Oh come on,” Hayate yelled, drawing Nanoha’s attention...to larger flying one-eyed pac-man like enemies, at least based on the giant mouths, except that instead of yellow they were red with spikes. Oh, and Hayate’s problem with them was apparently that they launched something that was a cross between a fireball and ball lightning to attack from range. And could probably try to bite you if you let them get too close.

...and a couple were heading Nanoha’s way, Fate already dealing with a few. Using a lightsaber and Raising Heart was complicated, so perhaps it was time to see if those fire and lightning balls could be sent back like blaster bolts could be in the movies?

A few minutes later she finally managed to line things up properly to make an attempt...and got an explosion practically in her face as a result. Shortly before one of the stupid flying pac-man balls got close enough for her to stab it in the eye.

...it really didn’t like being stabbed in the eye with a lightsaber, but at that point she didn’t care about its feelings.